Docs - Reorganize With Diataxis (#954)
iotaledger/iota.rs: documentation/docs/getting_started/java/android_development.md

- Dependencies indicated in the [Getting started](getting_started.md) Prerequisite section
- Android NDK or Android Studio with NDK installed (If you extract make sure to make it executable `chmod -R +x android-ndk-VERSION` )

> In order to cross compile the binaries for Android; we need the following target toolchains: (All of the enabled `archTriplets`)
> 
> ```bas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cross compile the binaries for Android, we need the following target toolchains: (All of the enabled `archTriplets`)

```bash
```

```

> For this setup we use `$ANDROID_NDK_HOME` for the location of your NDK, wether you use Android studio or manual compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this setup we use `$ANDROID_NDK_HOME` for the location of your NDK, wether you use Android studio or manual compilation.
```

> 1. set `ANDROID_NDK_HOME` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set `ANDROID_NDK_HOME` environment variable
```

> ## 1. Generating the java files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Generating the Java Files
```

> ### 1.1 Compiling a binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1.1 Compiling a Binary
```

> In order to generate the Java source files; we need to run cargo manually once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the Java source files; we need to run cargo manually once.
```

:::

> ### 1.2 Creating the jar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1.2 Creating the Jar
```

Afterwards, you need to run `./gradlew jar` in `iota.rs/bindings/java` in order to generate the jar file.

The jar will be found at `iota.rs/bindings/java/native/build/libs/native.jar`

> ## 2. Build the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Build the App
```

Building the actual app can be done through two different ways. Using Android Studio and by manual linking.

The following 2 Sections describe both methods.

:::note Cross compile

> In order to build on windows, we need to add android triplets to our VCPKG and use that during compilation.
> [TODO]
> 
> Currently cross compiling has only worked on WSL/Linux.
> If you wish to use Android Studio in Windows, first make the android target binaries in WSL/Linux, then copy them over to `src/main/jniLibs/$TARGET/`. (See step [Compiling a binary](#Adding%20shared%20library), but do that for each enabled target in WSL/Linux)
> 
> Afterwards you need to comment out all `archTriplets` in `build.gradle` in order for you not to regenerate them (and fail on Windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build on windows, we need to add android triplets to our VCPKG and use that during compilation.

Currently, cross compiling has only worked on WSL/Linux.

If you wish to use Android Studio in Windows, first make the android target binaries in WSL/Linux, then copy them over to `src/main/jniLibs/$TARGET/`. (See step [Compiling a binary](#Adding%20shared%20library), but do that for each enabled target in WSL/Linux)

Afterwards, you need to comment out all `archTriplets` in `build.gradle` for you not to regenerate them (and fail on Windows).
```

Reviewer: Not sure if the TODO needed to stay there but just in case, removed it.

These toolchains can alternatively be prepended to the cargo command as well, but we wont discuss that in this tutorial.

#### Setting Cargo config

> In order to compile the binaries for the various Android targets, we need to specify the targets to rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile the binaries for the various Android targets, we need to specify the targets to rust.
```

```

#### Generating the binaries

Now we need to generate binaries for all the enabled targets inside your `build.gradle` `archTriplets`.
The easiest way is to use the gradle build system. Using the `build.gradle` inside `examples/android-app`, we automatically build all enabled targets after running the following:

```bash
cd iota.rs/bindings/java
./gradlew build
```

> Alternatively, you can also manually run the commands;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also manually run the commands.
```

#### Signing your app

> 1. prepare a signing keystore; we will call it `signed_ks.jks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare a signing keystore; we will call it `signed_ks.jks`
```

> How to make: <https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing#generate-key>

2. Sign the apk

> `$ANDROID_HOME/build-tools/{VERSION}/apksigner sign --ks examples/android-app/signed_ks.jks --out examples/android-app/android-app-release-signed.apk -v examples/android-app/build/outputs/apk/release/android-app-release-unsigned.apk`

3. Connect device

> <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb#connect-to-a-device-over-wi-fi-android-11>+

For example:

- `adb pair 192.168.0.x:x`
- `adb connect 192.168.0.x:x`
- `adb install -r --fastdeploy examples/android-app/android-app-release-signed.apk`
- `adb shell am monitor`

## Using pre-generated binaries

> It is very likely you dont want or need to compile by yourself. That is why we provide precompiled binaries found on our release page [here](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/releases). The Java releases are tagged with `android-binding-vX.Y.Z`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is likely you do not want or need to compile by yourself. That is why we provide precompiled binaries found on our release page [here](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/releases). The Java releases are tagged with `android-binding-vX.Y.Z`.
```

      libiota_client_java.so
```

> ### Android studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Android Studio
```

Then using Android Studio, add the native.jar to your project by right clicking -> Add As Library... -> Select your Android app Module and press OK.

### Manual

Add the jar to your `build.gradle` dependencies section using; for example: `implementation files('src\\main\\libs\\native.jar')`

> :::info
> When trying to build the `android-app` example in the repository with precompiled binaries, comment out all the `archTriplets` inside `iota.rs/bindings/java/examples/android-app/build.gradle`. (Otherwise you will try to regenerate the `.so` files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

When trying to build the `android-app` example in the repository with precompiled binaries, comment out all the `archTriplets` inside `iota.rs/bindings/java/examples/android-app/build.gradle` (otherwise you will try to regenerate the `.so` files).
```
